docs: refactored migration guide (#384)
ArkEcosystem/docs: docs/releases/v2.3/migrating_2.2_2.3.md

## Upgrade steps

> **Be sure to complete all of the following steps before you continue to upgrade with the `ark update` command to the latest version.**

Reviewer: This is much less visually in your face than the warning box, this on purpose is made visible with a big warning box.

### Step 1. Adjusting Configuration (new logger package)

> With Core v2.3 we ship an additional logger implementation, the `@arkecosystem/core-logger-pino`. We advise you to switch to the new package. To do so open the `~/.config/ark-core/<network>/plugins.js` file (e.g. for mainnet using nano you would run `nano ~/.config/ark-core/mainnet/plugins.js`), locate the `@arkecosystem/core-logger-winston` plugin and replace it like shown below.

Reviewer: Revert.

```bash
ark update
```

> When running `ark update` from v2.2->v2.3 **Core will migrate the transactions table to the new asset column**. This can **take up to a few minutes on low-spec servers**. Be patient and wait for `ark update` command to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When updating from 2.2.x to 2.3.0 the first start might take a few minutes because Core will need to migrate all transactions to have an `asset` column that is required for AIP29. This can **take up to a few minutes on low-spec servers**.
```

**As a node operator your work here is done**. You successfully upgraded to the latest version of ARK Core. If you are a developer please check the next Section below, where major changes are listed. 

---

## [DEVNET ONLY] Developer related information

This section addresses developers and lists notable changes during this version upgrade. For more details make sure you checkout [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/ArkEcosystem/core/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) document. The following breaking changes where introduced in v2.3: 

### 1. Logger engine replacement

> Default logger package was replaced to the `pino` logger. This improves the performance of logging, when it occurs in batch (e.g. syncing). You will need to update plugins.js file to replace `winston` with `pino`. See Upgrade Step 1 above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@arkecosystem/core-logger-winston` package is no longer shipped by default as it was replaced with `@arkecosystem/core-logger-pino` to improve performance of rapid logging in scenarios like a sync from 0. You will need to update your `plugins.js` file to replace `winston` with `pino`. See Upgrade Step 1 above.
```

const logManager: LogManager = container.resolvePlugin("log-manager");
```

> ### 3.The wallets table was removed from the database

Reviewer: Empty line after this.

Core 2.0 has been fully reliant on in-memory wallets since the 2.0 release. This change removes storing of wallets in the database, reducing overall database size and improves performance. If you have applications that rely on the database wallets table you should migrate them as soon as possible to using the API calls, as this is the only way to get real-time data.

> ### 4. BlockID transition to full SHA-256 block IDs

Reviewer: Empty line after this.

This major change is the transition to full SHA256 block IDs, encoded as a hex string. In simple terms, this eliminates a potential collision of block IDs with blockchain height or other block IDs, making ARK safer and future-proof.

> ### 5. Smartbridge size increases

Reviewer: Empty line after this.

Smartbridge (Vendorfield) can hold much more, going from 64 bytes to 255 bytes, a four fold increase. This expansion will provide valuable additional transaction data capacity to expand the use-case landscape.

For more detailed information about recent release and other minor changes please check the latest blog post on this topic.

> ## Want to continue testing?

Reviewer: This is misleading, by the time this guide becomes active we have `2.4.0` on the `next` channel while this whole guide is about `2.3.0`.
